Hello, everybody, and welcome back.
In this next year, we're going to talk about actors and their components.
So an actor can be seen as a container that can have many components attached to it.
There are many different types of components as well.
Now we will see that we have a special component called the bull cow cartridge, which is going to enable
the use of that in-game terminal.
When we start typing in code for it's to reflect that code.
Let's have a look at components over an unreal.
OK.
So over an unreal if we have a look around our level, we have many, many different types of objects.
However, the predominant type here are Meche objects.
And if we go ahead and select one of those mass objects like our cow and have a look at the details
tab, let's make this area a little larger as well.
And we will see here we've got components.
And if I drag down this area, we can see we have a static mesh component.
This is just one type of component that an object within your world can have.
If we go over to the Mode's tap on the left hand side here, we can see we've got a series of actors.
So what we can do here?
Let's say we grab a light and grab a point light, which is just like a regular bulb you'd have in your
room.
We go ahead.
Grab that and drop it in over the components.
We can see that we can have a child actor component, which is really useful if we start nesting objects
together.
However, if we go down to this drop down, adding components, we can see we've got many, many different
types of components that we can add to our actors.
And for example, here, a point lights as well.
And we can even create our own types of components as well, depending on what we want to use them for.
So there are lots and lots of different components that we can attach to an actor from lighting effects
or the oh, particles physics.
It really helps bring an actor alive and gives them presence within our level.
Now you can search for the component up at the top here.
If you know exactly what you're looking for.
So for instance, a light.
We can just search if we go and add another point.
Lights who are up to our actor here.
We can see is automatically appended the number two.
Now, as alluded to at the very beginning of the section, we've got our own component that we're going
to add to the terminal to make sure that we can use the code that we write within the game.
Now, you cannot see it over in the content browser.
By default, what we will have to do is on the left hand side, show or hide the sources panel.
Then we can come down to C++ classes, go into the ball cal game folder.
And we've got the bull cow cartridge component that we can add to our terminal.
So, Sam, here from the future, just to give you a little bit more information about that terminal
that Mikey mentioned.
Now, the idea here in the analogy that we are using in this project is that of a old school terminal
that you type in two and it characters appear on the screen and then the game responds with different
things.
Now that game can be swapped out.
And that's the analogy of the cartridge, those old school cartridges that you used to have and plug
into your game system.
So the idea here is that we in this section are going to be programming one of these cartridges that
then gets plugged in to our terminal, notionally speaking.
And then you can play it via the terminal.
We aren't going to program the terminal that's already been done for us.
But this cartridge component that we are going to add on to our terminal object, that terminal actor,
that is what is going to be providing the gameplay and that is going to be your challenge.
So what I'd like you to go ahead and do is add the Bullecourt cartridge component to the terminal actor
and then double check it is there in the components list.
Otherwise, the code you write in the upcoming lectures will not work because of the year now and give
Atsuko.
OK, everybody.
Welcome back.
Let's go ahead now, go over into Unreal and add the bull cow catcher's component to the terminal actor.
OK, so the first thing I'm going to do here is just remove those lights from our cow.
I don't think they're necessary.
The next day I'm going to do here is I'm going to select our terminal objects.
I'm going to search for it.
Rather than just clicking on it to get into the habit of finding things in a much busier scene.
So there we go.
We've got the terminal objects selected.
And we can see here under the details that we do have the terminal selected.
Now that we've done that, there are a couple of ways that we can attach the bull cow cartridge.
We can even go to add component and search for bull.
There we go.
It's come up.
Now, I didn't explicitly tell you that, but I hinted at the fact there was the search barber.
Now you can find bald cow in this list.
It's under custom.
Here we go.
And there's the bull cow cartridge.
The other way that you could do it is with the content Browsr focused in the C++ classes.
Balkwill how game we can drag the bull cow cartridge across into our scene.
And I'm just gonna press enter to make sure that that is its name.
Now you could choose to name it something else at this point, but let's leave it as bull cow cartridge
for the time being.
So let's select something else in our scene and then come back again.
Yes, it is definitely attached to our terminal.
Brilliant.
The final thing I'm going to do here is just clear down these searches.
So at the top here, we've got on the world outline.
We can just this is Termin at the moment.
I'm going to clear the search results there.
And there we go with that cleared out of the way.
I think we're all sorted.
I'm going to save my level.
Brilliant.
How did you guys get on?
Hope you've managed to successfully attach the bull cowl cartridge, making it a component of the terminal
actor.
It is really important.
If you miss this step.
Any of the code that you write is not going to work within the game itself.
That's it for this lecture.
And I'll see you all in the next one.